Project reports should follow the standard AAMAS 2025 guidelines for submission and presentations 
(with a few relaxations/changes). The review of the reports will also follow a very similar approach.

The report should be written in the AAMAS format using the Overleaf template here.
The length of the report (excluding references) should be no longer than 6 pages. 
There is no page limit for references. The main text, i.e., the above-mentioned 6 pages, 
should explicitly mention the problem you're handling with motivating examples, a literature review,
the main model of the problem (for theory works), or the experimental framework (for experiments),
followed by the detailed results and conclusions. You can add the proofs/additional experiments in a clearly 
marked appendix after the references (no page limit). But the appendix is not the main submission and adds only 
additional information to the main text. Therefore, the evaluation will be based on the content of the main text. 
If you feel the most important contribution of your paper is a proof or an experiment, place the details in the main 
text. For all experiments, upload the code to GitHub and provide the link within the report. Send the final report 
to all instructors through a private message on Piazza (only one report per group) with the subject line that 
includes [CS 6002 Project]. The deadline for the report submission is April 24, 2026, 23:59 hrs IST. The report has a 
weightage of 25% while the presentation has 15%.

The presentations should be 20 mins + 5 mins of discussions. Plan to prepare presentations that strictly adhere to t
his timeline. A general thumb rule is to prepare 10-12 slides with examples and main ideas of your work, try to use 
bullet points and short sentences (and definitely not a copy of the text from the report), and use figures 
("a picture is worth a thousand words") to explain the ideas wherever possible. Remember that your audience is most 
attentive in the first 10 mins of any presentation, try to get the major message across in these golden minutes. 
The presentation schedule will be up soon. Any template is fine as long as it is clearly displayed on the projector 
screen (as a suggestion: you can use Google Slides with any LaTeX equation editor add-on). You can also use the 
template (see the text in red) I use for CS6001 slide preparation.

The report review will have the following evaluation components (as mentioned in the first meeting).
We will carry out Turnitin plagiarism checks on the reports, so please refrain from copying text from other papers 
as is. In the literature section, the text should be your way of describing the prior work, and not exactly how they 
wrote the text.

----------- Soundness ----------- 30% of the report score
on a scale of 1-10: how detailed and effort intensive the work has been?
----------- Novelty ----------- 25% of the report score
on a scale of 1-10: how novel is the result against the literature?
----------- Scholarship ----------- 10% of the report score
on a scale of 1-10: coverage of the relevant literature.
----------- Clarity ----------- 25% of the report score
on a scale of 1-10: ease of reading. Imagine you are explaining this to an uninitiated reader with a basic knowledge of the topics of CS 6002 (and 6001).
----------- Reproducibility ----------- 10% of the report score
on a scale of 1-10: define the setup and the results so that an uninitiated reader can reproduce the claims of the report.

Quite naturally, some of these components have subjective measures (unlike the objective measures of a traditional exam).
But that is true for research in general. We will try to be as generous and assistive while giving back comments, 
but you should try to write your report keeping in mind these points.


Following the pattern of the conferences, we will provide a rebuttal window where the scores of the report and presentation will be out,
and each group can respond to questions or clarify doubts. This is not to debate every judgment call of the reviews,
but rather to clarify any confusion or misunderstanding. The mode of the rebuttal will be through a single email 
exchange cycle -- the reviews with scores of each component should be sent by May 1, 2026, by replying to the same thread where the reports came from
-- make a consolidated response to it by addressing each point/question by May 3, 2026. We will finally respond to it with the final scores (may or may not be updated).
 No further communication will be responded to.

